Open Source Casino Slots (OSCS)
-------------------------------
Complete open source 5 reel slot machine engine.
Features comparable to commercial gaming systems.
Configuration driven gaming engine.
Single file (zip) game distribution support.
Fully event driven design.
USB Serial event expansion (ie arduino with lights/relays/etc).
Configurable result negotiation.
1080p HD w/ touchscreen support.
Accounting/tilt system.
possibly 3 reel and multi
Customize all aspects of the game with config and media files.
network daemon for remote control.
custom denominations/currency/payouts

Multiple resolutions? (ugh....)


Next versions
-------------
Rotated monitor with wider reels?
coin/cash/card/ticket/freeplay support
Can be used as a retrofit for an existing machine.
User menu system to select from multiple games (games can be grouped).

Triggers
 - Video player
 - Overlay animation
 - Animated Bin Win notification
 - Customizable serial coms (relays, shaker, etc)

Bonus Games
 - Pick One
 - Match 3
 - Free Spins (alt phases, weights, triggers)
 - Animated sequence with custom probabilities (ie fishing reel em in)


Reel Animations
 - Animated winning symbols
 - Extended spin time





Visual/Audio Things
-------------------

Add smoothly growing/shrinking overlays that can fade in/out

reels should barely pass on stop, return and make a click sound when stopped

sound notification of small win (doodah)

full line specials should highlight/add entire reel circle and play an anticipation sound until next reel stops, continuing to do this.

single big wins (most of board) with same symbol should make symbols glow, play anticipation, wait, and show "Huge Win"


symbols should have transparent background
when showing winning lines, circle the winning symbols, and draw rest of line
when circled, flash off/on the winning symbols when counting the line credits in

increment huge win numbers while playing 

bell ringing on free games hit at end of play.
animate triggered free games awarded on bonus symbols.
pay other bets.
switch to bonus state

bonus state
  special wins anywhere
  additional bonuses easier to get


wilds should be animated at end of play if they are 


when raking in winnings, play a counter/ticking synth that goes up and down in pitch - like elect piano sound.

most of this can be seen at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xLSVSg2PCtU


To support payback percentages, weight the stages based on current payback.
